fix: autoprefixer on dev mode for tailwind plugin (#6002)
withastro/astro: packages/integrations/tailwind/README.md

When you install the integration, Tailwind's utility classes should be ready to go right away. Head to the [Tailwind docs](https://tailwindcss.com/docs/utility-first) to learn how to use Tailwind, and if you see a utility class you want to try, add it to any HTML element to your project!

> [Autoprefixer](https://github.com/postcss/autoprefixer) is also setup automatically for dev and builds so Tailwind classes will work in older browsers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Autoprefixer](https://github.com/postcss/autoprefixer) is also set up automatically for dev and production builds so Tailwind classes will work in older browsers.
```
Fixed an existing typo!  :smile: And, I think people are used to hearing the phrase "production builds" (even :if you mean every time you build, even just locally). So just checking: did you mean to take that out? I'll let you decide what's most accurate!

Reviewer 2: Yeah I removed "production" since it kinda felt like it mean "dev builds" too, which isn't a thing. Trying to imply the dev server and production builds at the same time 🤔

Reviewer: OK, then how about ..???

> set up automatically when working in dev mode, and for production builds

(I updated my suggestion above!)

Reviewer 2: The Oxford comma saves again 😄 Yeah that works for me!
